I always have to ask you how
you are, as you know, about a few months ago we
had the worst day of our
lives, one of the worst without a doubt. And
well, at this moment,
fully trusting in justice and above
all, we also have to believe in the
presumption of innocence, I don't know more than
you know, surprised Maria, it
was something that perhaps she suspected
what Antonio's supposed involvement
in this robbery was. I'm not going to
comment on that, I'm not one to
suspect anyone, suspicions are not
good, I thank you for understanding. Let's see,
here are some facts that occurred and the
most important thing is what
my family and I suffered, we are not ones
to say anything. Let's see, I have
n't had direct contact with her, but
more or less with her environment and it has
been a disappointment because what they
tell me is that lately it seems that there
was a little more peace, a little
more cordiality and of course, imagine
the kid has, well, she imagine, she
was talking to him, I don't know what, no
how much and while  that I was talking
to him Maybe he was involved in
this kind of things, right?